hello guys and welcome back to you
Pokemon glaze we are here today to find
some more legends and the legends that
we're going to find today are the towel
trio the power trio are Dialga pocket
and give attina so let's get started so
first off you need to leave the county
ok that might help so from here you need
to fly if you're coming from a county a
cave or anywhere in the Tanakh region
and then you need obviously flighty
somebody C to get back to Johto because
we need to go to Jodi Barrus this is
something I should have done during the
storyline which I didn't realize I
didn't actually do so we need to fly you
to Terri grossie I come to teleport and
teleport yourself to violet City and we
need to go down to the ruins of alph the
reason for that being is because
something I've missed out about is
picking up this item here this time
being the penthouse key for the Sorrenti
isle fusion Resort as this gives you
access to the top floor of that resort
so if you haven't connected it it will
be right there with you if you have then
obviously looking at key items and look
for the penthouse key so from here we
need to fly all the way back to sunny
aisle and we need to go into the fusion
resort let's get in there and we need to
open the elevator and get to the top
floor so inside Piznarski thank you for
choosing fusion resort alright so this
is going to be a wash over for us
because we're obviously really high
level if you're a lower level it might
be a little bit harder but we have to
bow all these guys until we get to the
end of this room there's something
special again delivery that we need for
all the pokemon
that we need to have for the Pokemon
that we catch of the day so all finding
today because I should capture them oh
okay see yeah we just need to basically
destroy everybody here I usually get a
dragon Fang on the table there as well
if you need one of those for making your
team stronger let's bum-rush everything
if we can hit anyway there we go bum
rush one-hit caves or magnetrons
sick as fudge in the Magnezone is going
as well I'm gonna get doubling on that
year also almost the one I care almost
there we go
that guy's done I think we need got
about three more to bow and then net we
are good to carry on hopefully I have
enough bone washes to get us through
this if not then I shall cry like a lot
baby
actually I won't because I probably out
of one hit came with her any other move
from Ross and fattiest but vaporize just
makes it a lot easier so no that's the
hit twice um see ya we are almost so got
one water paddle
would you want a very busy yeah we know
we know you're very busy you standing
there being very busy
god damn it sort of God some people
alright so yeah that's the last train
that we have to battle alright so this
guy says about us defusing defusing and
team fusion and the admin mysterious
lustrous lustrous Ankush Gish bristles
until like they basically have done
experiments on them and that's what the
hair so we get this little cutscene
thing I know you're the kid that
influenced Michael to the salty infusion
right
I don't don't worry I'm not mad the
engineers here don't know what to do
anymore
now that the infusion is gone they they
don't have homes or anything those items
on the table are adamant lustrous and
gris-gris yes orbs we never found out
what they did to legendary tree if
anything I can count think of anyone
more deserving
then the steam trainer such as yourself
okay so we need to pick up all three of
these to the admin all being for they
all got the last year's or being for
dialga a pokeo in fact and the greasiest
or being for Giratina so we need to get
the hell out of inner as let's get this
real quick drunk okay okay let's get the
fudge down here not not not to the
penthouse just being that Rodion that up
you get a little one and you come out
here alright so to find the cave for
dialga you come to choco town and on the
website on the forum page i tells you to
go east from chocolate west from choco
town but you actually have to go east
you basically need to go all the way
east as far east as you can go until you
hit a brick wall basically on this side
here and then the adamant always
responding to something
I came entrance was revealed all right
so we go up here and in the cave we go
and then there we go there's tyaga so
that's the first one diagur is in the
east side of chocolate on right barrel
mo you don't have to go out this so but
when you go out this side a little bit
of a funny happens and it glitches back
into a taco town I just demolish the
star you here real quick and then we
shall go on to find funkier how can you
say when i it's not it's not the easiest
way to find I think it's the second
artist as so right next we need to fly
on down
- this palm tree resort and then we need
to go down to the special seat
so let's fly down to the palm tree
Resort and let's go south and then we
need to go south than West so obviously
what I'm not repelled on yeah okay
that's obviously gonna be gone soon so
you want to travel it across the top
here until you get to this part here it
says ha the lost resolve is responding
to something ok the cave entrance was
revealed and they go there is Palkia
alright then the next one is up at B
form to see I think it's a wanted C
quantitation on it's C way there we go
so we need a fly to serenity out again
back to where we started and not this
way but down this way let's get a full
repeal on and fat real quick and we need
to go down through here until you get to
that bit here and this is heard the
mystery solve is responding something
the cable just was revealed and there we
go we have Giratina on there alright
guys so you guys enjoyed this episode if
you didn't never get a drop of like drop
a comment down below what you want to
see next which legend you want to find
and yeah don't forget to subscribe if
you want to see the next catch the
legends part you guys enjoy the video I
have a nice mercy day guys peace out